Fix consistency on terms used (users/players) (#6699)
ppy/osu-wiki: wiki/Tournaments/Official_support/en.md

### Tournament screening

A major part of being an officially supported tournament is access to the screening process. Similar to the "security checks" undertaken by all World Cup players, screening helps prevent users with recent serious infringements or tournament bans from disrupting play.

Tournament organisers will be expected to provide a comma-separated list (or spreadsheet) including usernames and user IDs. If the tournament is team-based, this list must reflect the grouping of users in their teams of play, complete with any team name or other identifying marker.

The comma-separated list should look like this:

```csv
User1,1234567
User2,1234567

> User3,1234567

Reviewer: conflicts with https://github.com/ppy/osu-wiki/pull/6696

```

For team-based tournaments, the expected format is:

```csv
User1,Team1,1234567
User2,Team2,1234567

> User3,Team3,1234567

Reviewer: i mean this one

Author: Go with Leo's Format but replace Player with User.

### Can a player who has been eliminated from play in my tournament join the staff after the fact and not cause problems? {#player-join-staff}

No. Players who have been eliminated from the tournament/contest may not be enlisted as staff or assist in any organisational capacity with the sole exception of setting replays for mappool showcases. They can, however, be enlisted as a helper.

> A user who has passed screening but has not participated in any gameplay (including qualifiers) **AND** has not been scheduled for any matches does not qualify as a player/participant in our eyes, and therefore may be enlisted as staff (they have not been "eliminated" per se).

Reviewer: if a non-participant hasn't played any matches, isn't it irrelevant (and not applicable) whether they have been eliminated?

if i understand this right, a user can participate as staff and later schedule matches to play in the tournament, but not later be part of staff once eliminated as a player, correct?

```suggestion
A user who has passed screening but has not participated in any gameplay (including qualifiers) **AND** has not been scheduled for any matches does not qualify as a player/participant in our eyes, and therefore may be enlisted as staff.
```

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A registrant who has passed screening but has not been scheduled for any matches **AND** has not participated in any gameplay (including qualifiers)matches is not yet a player of the tournament, and therefore may be enlisted as staff instead.
```

Author: ```suggestion
A registrant who has passed screening but has not been scheduled for any matches **AND** has not participated in any gameplay (including qualifiers) is not yet considered a player/participant of the tournament, and may therefore still be enlisted as staff.
```
